# My Schedule
#### SEC316-R [REPEAT] Become an IAM Policy Master in 60 Minutes or Less (**Session**)
Are you interested in becoming a IAM policy master and learning about powerful techniques for controlling access to AWS resources? If your answer is “yes,” this session is for you. Join us as we cover the different types of policies and describe how they work together to control access to resources in your account and across your AWS organization. We walk through use cases that help you delegate permission management to developers by demonstrating IAM permission boundaries. We take an in-depth look at controlling access to specific AWS regions using condition keys. Finally, we explain how to use tags to scale permissions management in your account. This session requires you to know the basics of IAM policies.

 - **Speakers:** Brigid Johnson
 - **Time:** Monday, Nov 26, 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 4, Lando 4202
---

#### DEV322-R [REPEAT] What's New with the AWS CLI (**Session**)
Come hear from the core developers of the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI). We show you some best practices for getting the most out of the CLI — from managing your resources to automating your workflows. We also highlight some of the recent features and major improvements we’ve made.

 - **Speakers:** Kyle Knapp, James Sarywinnie
 - **Time:** Monday, Nov 26, 11:30 AM - 12:30 PM
 - **Location:** Mirage, Grand Ballroom F
---

#### DVC304 Red Team vs. Blue Team on AWS (**Session**)
Red teamers, penetration testers, and attackers can leverage the same tools used by developers to attack AWS accounts. In this session, two technical security experts demonstrate how an attacker can perform reconnaissance and pivoting on AWS, leverage network, AWS Lambda functions, and implementation weaknesses to steal credentials and data. They then show you how to defend your environment from these threats.

 - **Speakers:** Teri Radichel, Kolby Allen
 - **Time:** Monday, Nov 26, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 3, San Polo 3405
---

#### DVC302 ProTips for Scaling AWS Training to Accelerate Adoption (**Session**)
Learn the tips, techniques, and tricks for accelerating your team's cloud transformation with an education framework that scales. As director of cloud engineering at Capital One, Drew Firment founded a cloud engineering college that was integrated within a Cloud Center of Excellence.  As the Dean of Cloud Computing, Drew earned a patent for measuring cloud maturity and demonstrated how cloud education program can accelerate adoption. Come to this session to hear key lessons from his experience, and learn how to apply the framework to your organization’s cloud transformation journey.

 - **Speakers:** Drew Firment
 - **Time:** Monday, Nov 26, 2:30 PM - 3:30 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 3, San Polo 3405
---

##### *This session is WAITLISTED*
#### DEM03 Architecting DevSecOps: Advanced Cyber Security for AWS (**Demo Session**)
Assets in the cloud can be vulnerable to cyberattacks. While cloud providers protect the cloud fabric and maintain the availability of cloud services, it is up to each customer to secure any and all data, workloads, and other assets that they place in the cloud. Check Point CloudGuard delivers unprecedented protection against even the most sophisticated fifth-generation cyberattacks that target cloud networks in a dynamic and elastic package specifically designed for AWS cloud environments. Join us to learn how organizations around the world are leveraging Check Point CloudGuard in AWS to achieve true DevSecOps at speed and scale. This presentation is brought to you by AWS partner, Check Point Software Technologies.

 - **Speakers:** Yariv Fishman
 - **Time:** Monday, Nov 26, 4:40 PM - 5:00 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 2, Kumo Theater - Expo Hall
---

#### ANT335-S How to Automate Security Learning at Scale (**Session**)
The mountain of data generated by your deployment can be a valuable source of insight for your security practice IF you take advantage of some key tools on the AWS Cloud. In this session, learn how to build an analytics process that uses security tools, whether from AWS or the community, to create a continuous feedback loop to maintain and improve the security of your deployments. Additionally, learn when to use AWS security services and other tools in your deployment and how to manage the output, thus creating an analytics workflow alongside a feedback loop in order to streamline the entire process. The end result is an automated feedback loop aimed at making sure that your deployment is doing what you intend ... and only what you intend.

 - **Time:** Tuesday, Nov 27, 9:15 AM - 10:15 AM
 - **Location:** Aria West, Level 3, Juniper 4
---

#### FSV302 Transforming Consumer Banking with a 100% Cloud-based Bank (**Session**)
Customer demands for higher levels of service and value, constantly evolving technology capabilities, and stringent regulatory requirements are all powerful forces reshaping retail banking. Built exclusively on AWS, Starling Bank’s 100% cloud-based, mobile-only banking solution satisfies regulators in terms of its resilience, security, and reliability. It also satisfies consumers by giving them greater control over their data, streamlining the account opening process, accelerating payments, and providing access to innovative new services developed from scratch with open APIs, a developer platform, integration with Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Fitbit Pay and a custom backend ledger and payments integrations. Starling Bank is leading the open banking revolution. In this session, learn how Starling Bank delivers value to their customers and innovates at a very fast pace in a sector that can be slow to evolve.

 - **Speakers:** Megan Caywood, Steve Newson
 - **Time:** Tuesday, Nov 27, 4:45 PM - 5:45 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 3, Murano 3205
---

##### *This session is WAITLISTED*
#### DEM35 Opportunistic Hacks & Persistent Attacks: Preparing for 2019 (**Demo Session**)
The attack landscape shifted in 2018 with increased automation and cunning new distribution methods. The good news is that recent threat intelligence can tell us what we can do to better defend our cloud, on-premises, and hybrid environments. Alert Logic analyzed over 152 petabytes of data from across 4,000 clients to identify 2018's key attack indicators and insights. Join us to understand how the attack surface has shifted in 2018 and where attackers might be headed in 2019. This session digs deep on real threat examples and actionable recommendations to improve your cyber posture in a modern, agile way. This presentation is brought to you by AWS partner, Alert Logic.

 - **Speakers:** Matt Selheimer
 - **Time:** Wednesday, Nov 28, 12:10 PM - 12:30 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 2, Pilvi Theater - Expo Hall
---

#### SEC322-R1 [REPEAT 1] Using AWS Lambda as a Security Team (**Session**)
Operating a security practice on AWS brings many new challenges and opportunities that have not been addressed in data center environments. The dynamic nature of infrastructure, the relationship between development team members and their applications, and the architecture paradigms have all changed as a result of building software on top of AWS. In this session, learn how your security team can leverage AWS Lambda as a tool to monitor, audit, and enforce your security policies within an AWS environment.

 - **Speakers:** Andrew Baird, Brittany Doncaster
 - **Time:** Wednesday, Nov 28, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM
 - **Location:** MGM, Level 3, Premier Ballroom 310
---

#### SEC320 Policy Verification and Enforcement at Scale with AWS (**Session**)
In an ever-growing cloud environment, scaling to a number of accounts can range in the thousands— where edge cases dominate your firm’s spectrum and changes in your environment happen quickly. The Goldman Sachs cloud engineering team finds enforcement of best security practice as a growing concern. With developers managing infrastructure as code (IaC), learn how Goldman Sachs uses distributed serverless logging pipelines and leverages AWS formal verification tools to help enforce access policy in the process. In this session, we cover AWS Config, AWS Lambda, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) as distributed infrastructure that can help catch security issues early and remediate those that happen unexpectedly.

 - **Speakers:** Byron Cook, Kai Huang, Sujoy Saha, Victor Padron Blanco
 - **Time:** Wednesday, Nov 28, 2:30 PM - 3:30 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 4, Lando 4202
---

#### ENT314-R1 [REPEAT 1] The Future of Enterprise Applications is Serverless (**Session**)
At re:Invent 2014, we announced AWS Lambda and ushered in a whole new world of application design, one without the need to manage or think about traditional server infrastructure. Since then, serverless has become one of the hottest topics in the industry. Customers like Capital One and Coca Cola talk about how serverless saved them time and money, helped them reduce their operational burden, and drove developer agility and innovation. What is serverless, and what are the key trends you should be aware of? Where does one start on the journey of building serverless applications? We cover all of this and more in this session.

 - **Speakers:** Chris Munns, Saumya Sarpal
 - **Time:** Thursday, Nov 29, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 4, Delfino 4005
---

#### DEV303-R2 [REPEAT 2] Instrumenting Kubernetes for Observability Using AWS X-Ray and Amazon CloudWatch (**Workshop**)
In this hands-on workshop, we walk you through instrumenting container workloads running on the Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS). Learn how Amazon CloudWatch and the new AWS X-Ray capabilities enable you to quickly understand problem areas in your application and determine customer impact. To participate in this workshop, bring your laptop and have a nonproduction AWS account.

 - **Speakers:** Christoph Kassen
 - **Time:** Thursday, Nov 29, 3:15 PM - 5:30 PM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 2, Venetian I
---

#### ENT312-R1 [REPEAT 1] Well Operated: A Day in the Life of a Cloud Ops Engineer (**Session**)
Are you an expert data center operations engineer looking to sharpen your AWS skills? Are you an IT operations manager looking to speed up your team's cloud learning curve for operating in a hybrid cloud environment? Are you a DevOps engineer looking to grow your operations experience? This session follows two AWS operations experts throughout their day as they solve real-life problems in complex, enterprise hybrid cloud AWS environments. Expect to learn actionable hacks and tricks that you won't get in standard training classes, practical advice for solving common and not-so-common issues, and insights in to the top things our experts wish they knew when they were getting started with AWS.

 - **Speakers:** Wallace Simpson, Michael Eshoo, Orion Bijleveld
 - **Time:** Friday, Nov 30, 8:30 AM - 9:30 AM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 4, Lando 4202
---

#### SEC401-R1 [REPEAT 1] Mastering Identity at Every Layer of the Cake (**Session**)
Most workloads on AWS resemble a finely crafted cake, with delight at every layer. In this session, we help you master identity at each layer of deliciousness: from platform, to infrastructure, to applications, using services like AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), AWS Directory Service, Amazon Cognito, and many more. Leave with a firm mental model for how identity works both harmoniously and independently throughout these layers, and with ready-to-use reference architectures and sample code. We keep things fun and lively along the way with lots of demos, which will hopefully make up for our decided lack of anything resembling the sweet confections we'll be talking so much about!

 - **Speakers:** Quint Van Deman
 - **Time:** Friday, Nov 30, 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM
 - **Location:** Venetian, Level 4, Delfino 4005
---

##### *This session is WAITLISTED*
#### SEC407-R1 [REPEAT 1] Audit Your AWS Resource Configuration across Accounts & Regions (**Builders Session**)
AWS Config tracks changes to the configuration of your resources and checks your resources for compliance against best practices and policies. In this session, learn how to aggregate data from multiple accounts and regions in your enterprise into a central account, using the multi-account, multi-region data aggregation feature in AWS Config. Learn how to create an aggregator that collects data from your AWS Organizations, use the aggregated dashboard, and query the AWS Config APIs to retrieve this information programmatically.

 - **Speakers:** Jonathan Rault
 - **Time:** Friday, Nov 30, 11:30 AM - 12:30 PM
 - **Location:** Mirage, Grand Ballroom D, Table 5
---

